well dr. alter died way too young
glitches ignition esteem oh hello little
tractors I am robot you are potato we
are close okay
lesson three Gennady elisany about
either literally negativeness Ibaka mara
the your horse is for all
congratulations
London is the capital of Great Stupa
squares stupid squad who is Kobach's
today
yeah mixer lunch Co box hmm what do you
do Ivanova to Street Tsui Chik Agha
booth excuse me teacher may I come in
in English please
just a bunch go to kaaba's lesson five
cousin samba come hide the Bible of
Levite
hmm Co box a listen me about family
my my my sir
no no no for Pfizer me no no no no no no
no okay I am a robot you are TV set
little movie dogs and flowers we are
butterfly your Harbor completely call of
duty call of duty track rest's Luftwaffe
for robot tomorrow all together $50 not
story I fly welcome to hell